Writing 

Task 1 - Qustion : The Diagram given shows the floor plan of a public library 20 years ago
			and how it looks now.
			Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
			and make camparisions where relevent.(at least 150 words)

Task 1 - Answer :

Floor Plan Changes of the Central Library

	Libraies are essential to the society up to these day from many centuries ago.
Considering changes in the Library may attract some old readers and adults back to the
libray again.In the diagram, I see major changes in Funitures and Shelves Placements 
and also adaptation in chambers and hallway.
	An impactic change in the libray is that the Enquiry desk is replace by a Cafe 
whichseems modern but inappropriate in my opinion taking up alot of space while we can 
have our coffee outside of the library.Enlarging the room and adding a storytelling events 
with comfortable funitures in Children's Section will make a huge impact for the future 
of our kids.The vanish of the tables and chairs on the hallway is not a very good idea 
that I see no other place to sit and read while lecture room,previously known as Children's
Book room might be busy discharging some lectures and the Computer room,previously known 
as the reading room for newspapers and magazines won't be appropriate for reading with 
a hard-copy book.With the developing technology, having self-service machines seem interesting 
but we also should reconsider that is that really necessary to add everything into a Library 
which can also lead to distraction and damages to the Books.
	Adaptaion and changes are necessary and good for the neighbourhood and we should
welcome and navigate the changes not to deviate from the original purpose.



Task 2 - Qustion : Write about the following topic , "In many countries around the world,
			rural people are moving to cities,so the population in the countryside
			is decreasing.
			Do you think this is a positive or a negative development ?"
			(at least 250 words)
			

Task 2 - Answer :

Inhabitant of Rural people in the Cities

	All the livings are always moving one place to another.It is the fact that no one 
can change.It is the nature of livings to migrate to a better place.I think rural people 
moving to cities do not have much negative impact in development.
	Rural people leave the countryside to move to the cities.On the other hand,people in 
the cities are moving to countryside that they find it relaxing and pleasure.When a group of 
people go,another group of people will come and take the place for their habitant.It is the 
nauture of living.And people will behave like when in Rome,they will adapt to the new place.Migrants are 
more likey to be adaptable than others which mean the more migrating, the more adaptable you are.
So rural people will change their lifestyle and adapt their way of living to the cities they 
moved in and they will become one of the generations of civilized urban life.So I think it is 
the majority of the people that shape the society in their ways of living.So the urban citizens and
the city society will shape the rural people into the right form and those who cannot adapt 
will be exile themself out of that society.
	So I would like to conclude that rural people migrating into the cities will not have 
significant effect of negativity on development.